# The First AI Software Engineer
An article about software development/engineering that I found interesting is [The "First AI Software Engineer" Is Bungling the Vast Majority of Tasks It's Asked to Do](https://futurism.com/first-ai-software-engineer-devin-bungling-tasks).

## What I Find Interesting
The article primarily discusses the surprising failures of various tasks by Cognition's first AI software engineer, Devin. Since the development of AI has taken over many people's lives, most had high expectations for AI assistants and their potential ability to write code for humans. Companies further released expectations that it will be able to replace software engineers soon. However, Devin proved otherwise as it concluded tasks with a very low success rate and continued to work on tasks that were impossible. It was having problems with completing undemanding jobs when building apps, revealing the actuality of AI. 

I found the contradiction about how AI will overtake the job workforce and the overall success of it interesting because the development of AI is currently focused throughout the world and many instances of it are being included in our lives, such as the use of ChatGPT in education and virtual assistants in our mobile devices. This created anxiousness about the loss of software engineering jobs and the lack of the need for humans to do simple tasks. Yet, the success of AI is not like what we expected and it is facing more obstacles for tasks that humans can easily accomplish. I was drawn to the Devin's statistic where out of 20 tasks it tried, there were only three successes and the others were mostly failures. It is fascinating that the ability of humans is extremely strong and AI may not have a chance to completely replace software engineers like others assert. 

## Comments from others 

### from Novrain7 (pc3135)
I believe the article certainly questions the ability for today's AI LLM's to act as software engineers. As a student studying machine learning myself, my professor has noted countless times that AI is definitely a double-edged sword and it is imperative that users properly understand the possible shortcomings of using such models. The article makes a point that current models from Cognition AI are failing the majority of its software engineering tasks and actually take longer than a human equivalent to implement, raising concern on whether the tech industry should really be embracing the use of machine learning to automate software development so quickly. In fact, there are plenty of real-world examples where companies blindly implemented AI technology and subsequently lost vast amounts of money due to unintended flawed behavior, with Zillow coming to mind as one particular case.